If a meteor filled with giant, armored, sound-seeking
predators landed in your neighborhood, what
would you do?
In this How to Beat video, we’ll follow
the Abbotts, see if we can make better decisions,
and ultimately attempt to beat the Death Angels
for the second time in, A Quiet Place 2.
If you think you could do better, leave a
comment letting me know how.
If you enjoy watching me berate the townsfolk
for running down the street screaming while
under attack by aliens, go ahead and hit those
like and
subscribe buttons.
We
start out following Lee Abbott getting some
oranges for the ballgame the day the apocalypse
started.
When Lee’s son gets up to bat, a giant meteor
starts plowing through Earth’s atmosphere.This
must have been what the dinosaurs felt like
watching their impending doom descend from
the heavens.
The Abbotts race home, which is about the
best thing you could do without any information.
The meteor impact could send shock waves,
earthquakes and walls of fire your way.
They need to hide under a table in their basement
with some snacks until the initial effects
blow through, or they’re vaporized and their
dust is violently ejected into outer space.
Before Lee can make it to his truck, all hell
breaks loose.
John panic signs to his deaf daughter that
shit hit the fan and they need to get the
hell out of there.
Evelyn gets attacked and pulls a high speed
reverse 180 into a light pole to get away
from the monster.
Regan sees the crash and runs out into the
street after her.
Luckily, she doesn’t get targeted by the
monsters because all the panicky screamers
are running cover.
Lee grabs her and they dive into a restaurant
where tons of other people are holding out.
They need to find another hiding spot pronto.
One of these dipshits is going to start crying,
loudly praying to their God, or calling their
family.
How ironic.
A mother’s call to check on her daughter
was what got her killed.
Lee and Regan run for someplace that isn’t
being attacked by giant aliens.
They get tailed by one of them, but before
they get pimp-smacked across the street the
town cop hits it with the pump.
Someone had to learn the hard way that guns
don’t work well.
The beginning of any apocalypse is the most
crucial time.
You need to observe as much as possible.
These initial moments are key to figuring
out what you’re up against.
Kind of like how Brad Pitt in World War Z
took the time to watch how long it took for
the infected to turn into zombies.
Lee survived long enough to figure out that
the aliens are too strong to fight, too armored
to shoot, too fast to outrun, but they’re
blind and have terrible ADHD.
With this knowledge he kept his family hidden
in plain sight.
In the end, it wasn’t enough.
We fast forward 473 days to right after Lee
sacrificed himself for his kids and Regan
figured out that her cochlear implant can
get the monsters to open up wide enough for
Evelyn to pop a slug into their suck hole.
The next morning they head over to their burning
barn to assess the damage.
Evelyn hands little Marcus the shotty so he
and Regan can split up to make a sound bomb
and light the fire signal while she tiptoes
past the hopefully fully dead aliens to find
a carriage for her newborn.
Right after Evelyn headshotted the monster
at the end of the first movie, they had looked
at their camera monitors and saw a couple
more coming towards them in a dead sprint.
Regan upped the bass and Evelyn racked the
shotty like she was the Doom Slayer.
I’m confused.
Did they already mow these monsters down too,
or did they just decide to split up for a
scavenger hunt as they were being descended
upon?
We don’t know what Regan saw when her dad
was mauled.
Maybe his head was lopped off and flew through
the air, maybe it just looked bad but he only
suffered a flesh wound and got knocked unconscious.
Depending on what she saw, it might be worth
checking a pulse.
As for not burying him, totally understandable.
You don’t want your final memory of your
dad to be a pile of unidentifiable meat.
The remaining members of the Abbott family
decide they need help and can’t stay here
any longer, so they head in the direction
of the sole surviving fire signal.
There’s no warm welcome when they arrive.
It is a year and a half after the meteor impacts.
Looters and bandits are a danger that any
group of survivors will need to defend against.
I don’t understand the tactic of loudly
sprinting to get away from the noise you just
made.
You’re just creating a more constant source
of noise.
You also have no idea which direction the
monsters could be in.
They could easily be running towards a monster.
There have been numerous occasions where a
monster has been within inches of them and
wasn’t able to detect them.
A bit unrealistic given their auditory capabilities,
but that’s what the movie is saying.
The better strategy is to just continue cat-walking
away from the location the noise was made.
If a monster does intercept you, a suggestion
from my last video on A Quiet Place 1 was
to bring lures that you can throw to create
a secondary source of noise some distance
away from you.
Aimlessly running after setting off a trap
is also a bad idea, because there could be
more traps.
So much for staying quiet.
I’m a firm proponent of running it stealth
first, but always having the firepower in
your backpack for when you inevitably fuck
up and need to go loud.
Regan and Evelyn know what’s up.
Evelyn should have had that shotgun pre-racked
with a shell in the breach.
You don’t want to short-stroke it under
stress and have the trigger go click when
you need it to go boom.
She unlocks the bear trap and gets him up
and running again because nobody learned their
lesson.
I know it would turn this movie into a comedy,
but it’d be fucking hilarious if Marcus
stepped on another bear trap with his other
foot.
A man intercepts them and guides them through
the steel foundry and into a soundproof furnace.
It’s Emmett.
He pleads that he can’t help them and that
they can’t stay.
That there’s not enough food, water, or
anything.
Easy to turn away young strong adults, not
so easy to turn away a helpless baby.
His stopwatch beeps again after setting it
when they entered the container, signaling
that their oxygen is running out.
Emmett hands Evelyn some hard alcohol to disinfect
Marcus' leg before wrapping and splinting
it.
I know there’s three feet of concrete above
them and he’s in the furnace, but maybe
give him something to bite down on first.
Not being able to run isn’t too terrible
in this flavor of the apocalypse.
He needs to sit the next few expeditions out
and make damn sure his leg doesn’t get infected
or he’s going to suffer a slow painful death.
Regan tries to soothe Marcus’s pain with
some easy-listening from her boombox.
Which is a total misuse of the limited power
they have.
The speaker is the only reason they are alive.
Without it, the shotgun is near-useless and
they are as good as dead.
Emmett asks Evelyn how the speaker works.
She says she has no clue.
It might be a good idea to start figuring
it out and finding a way to broadcast what’s
essentially the only reliable strategy survivors
can use to fight back.
The radio starts playing a song called Beyond
the Sea, a clear indication there are other
survivors.
Emmett says he’s heard it before, but isn’t
interested in saving whoever is left alive.
Not after the atrocities he’s seen survivors
commit on one another.
In fact, he says he wants them gone the next
morning.
Dude, can you atleast give Marcus a day’s
rest after he stepped on your bear trap?
And if you didn’t want company why did you
light the fire signal.
Regan pulls Marcus into the furnace to tell
him her grand plan.
She thinks that the song is a signal directing
them to the islands off the coast.
It’d be a one day walk and she could follow
the railroad tracks to it.
She’s planning on going alone since Marcus
can’t walk and Evelyn needs to monitor his
wounds and take care of the baby.
This is a mistake.
The song could very well be leading her into
a trap, she’s not capable enough to use
the shotgun effectively, and she’s deaf
so she won’t be able to hear monsters or
scavs sneaking up on her.
There’s no reason to rush into this.
Evelyn should be able to convince Emmett to
let them stay until Marcus heals up well enough
to walk, or they could go home and Marcus
could heal up there.
Then, they could all leave for the coast together
since there isn’t anything for them at the
foundry.
Evelyn’s good with the shotgun, Regan’s
good with the implant boombox, and Marcus
can watch their backs or something.
Emmett could also be convinced to join.
There’s legitimately nothing here for him
either.
He has nothing to lose at this point.
Regan knows Evelyn would never allow her to
go alone, and doesn’t consider the alternative
option of staying until Marcus can walk, so
she sneaks out before everyone wakes up the
next morning.
When Evelyn finds out, she convinces Emmett
to go out searching for her.
Shouldn’t be too hard if Marcus let them
know she was following the railroad tracks
the whole way there.
Regan finds a train car and pops in to take
a look-see.
Nothing but rotting corpses.
This was a total massacre.
She does find a first aid kit that will be
useful for Marcus’s leg.
When she goes to grab it, what was left of
the conductor slumps onto her causing her
to have a mini freakout.
She doesn’t realize how loud she squeaked,
nor is she able to hear the sound of the alien
stalking her from the other side of the train
car until it’s right on top of her.
She’s good with the radio, not so much with
the shotgun.
She should have put the radio down after turning
it on so she could two hand the shotgun.
Still, without any training, and being too
weak to properly handle that large of a gun,
she was bound to miss.
I’m surprised she even got the shot off.
Evelyn had kept it with an empty chamber before,
and had she put the safety back on, Regan
might not have been able to switch it off,
load and fire it in time.
People totally underestimate the skill needed
to be effective with a firearm, they think
you can point it in the general direction
of a bad thing, pull the trigger, and whatever’s
on the smoking side of the barrel gets deleted.
A long barreled shotgun at that distance is
going to have a quarter size group, so there’s
not enough spread to make up for shitty accuracy.
Regan’s unable to rack the pump action in
time and kisses her own ass goodbye.
Yah, maybe the whole lone wolf thing wasn’t
such a good idea.
They duck into the train station and he tries
to tell her that he’s taking her home.
Except he forgot that she was deaf and can’t
understand a thing he’s saying.
Emmett should have brought a pencil and notepad
he could use to write her messages.
A notepad should be standard equipment.
It’s such a good way to communicate silently,
with deaf people, and over distances.
It’s pretty obvious that he’s here to
take her back though.
Regan convinces him to help her bring the
radio gun to the islands.
Honestly, you guys are already pretty far
down the road.
You might as well go all the way.
Once you get there, you can use their radio
to let Evelyn know you made it so she doesn’t
have a meltdown and do something stupid.
Emmett and Regan wait until the next morning
to head for the coast.
It’s a good idea to only travel during daylight.
You’re much less likely to step on a tree
branch or trip on something and make noise,
and other wildlife will be active which will
provide some distraction.
Meanwhile, Evelyn heads back home to gather
the medical supplies necessary to treat Marcus’s
wounds, which she should have brought with
her or picked up along the way in the first
place.
She also finds two spare compressed air tanks
in the back.
How lucky and convenient.
Marcus is left to tend to the baby.
Compressed oxygen is hard to come by, so I
don’t get why they’re wasting it when
the baby isn’t crying and doesn’t need
to be in the enclosed basket.
Like Emmett said, there is 3 feet of concrete
above them which will muffle most noises.
Which doesn't matter at all if you’re an
idiot that decides to go explore the foundry
at night with an injured leg while your baby
is left alone in the basement.
What the fuck is this kid thinking?
Bro, you just walked past 10 hanging corpses.
Why are you all the sudden getting uncontrollably
freaked out by dead bodies?
If you were that much of a bitch, you shouldn’t
have even left the basement to begin with.
Now a monster’s on your ass.
He grabs the baby and radio and shuts himself
inside the air tight furnace.
That’s about the only thing he could do
at this point.
He does only have a few minutes of air inside
it, so he’ll need to slow his HR and breathing
or siphon some of that O2 off.
Bad news though, it’s nearly empty after
wasting it all earlier.
And you blew through all the oxygen in the
container far more rapidly by having your
lighter on.
Good going.
You know you have limited oxygen, it’s not
necessary to see anything right now, why would
you turn your lighter on.
Marcus’s dumb decisions lead to him having
to choose between being slaughtered by aliens
or carbon dioxide poisoning.
I’d choose carbon dioxide poisoning.
You just get really light headed and sleepy,
then once you pass out, you just don’t wake
up.
Not a bad way to go.
Marcus chooses death by alien claws, except
he can’t get the furnace unlocked with his
noodle arms and starts hyperventilating, which
is the worst thing you could possibly do in
that situation.
Evelyn should be back soon and can help.
He just needs to chill so he doesn’t suffocate
before then.
Evelyn hears the foundry crucible crash and
immediately knows something is horribly wrong.
She hurries inside, places one of her precious
compressed air cans in the middle of an oil
pit, fires a shot off to draw the creature
into it, and a second shot to ignite the mix.
Well that didn’t work.
Firstly, the shot would be louder than the
ricochet, so the monster would have killed
her.
Second, these things rode a meteor through
the flaming atmosphere and crashed into the
planet.
The alien will be able to seal it’s armor
up before it gets burned.
The only way to put them down is to fire a
projectile into their exposed fleshy innards
before they can seal their armor.
She should have kept the ammo and thrown some
scrap metal across the foundry.
The fire sets off the sprinklers which also
does the trick of covering her sound while
she sneaks downstairs to the furnace where
her children are inevitably hiding and dying.
How about shut the door behind you before
yelling and shaking Marcus back to life..
I guess you’d want some airflow for Marcus
first, but the monster is right behind you
and you do have a spare air tank you can hook
him up to.
While all this is going down, Emmett and Regan
are just reaching the coast.
When they get to the dock there’s a little
girl kneeling down by some fishing line.
That’s a red flag if I ever saw one.
No child is going to be out at night by themselves
unsupervised unless they’re bait for a trap
Emmett and Regan need to back out now if they
still can.
To be honest, they should have scouted this
area for a while before walking in.
Broadcasts to survivors in the apocalypse
are always suspect.
Walking in without doing some recon first
is asking to become food for the local cannibals.
Emmett sets his rifle down and tries to help
the little girl, who then slips a noose around
his neck and runs off with his gun.
How did he get overpowered by a little girl,
why did he let her go after she roped him.
He should have immediately grabbed her and
prevented her from taking her gun.
Even though Regan’s trash with the shotgun,
she should have had it up and at the ready.
Emmett’s tied up in some fish net with rattling
cans attached to it.
If he tries to make a move, monsters will
be all over him.
It’s not looking too good for Regan either.
Emmett tells her to dive because he’s about
to make some noise.
What was the point of the fishnet and rope
if it didn’t restrict his movement at all.
The leader of the looters should have kicked
Emmett into the water or outright killed him
with a knife before turning his back.
It’s a no-brainer that Emmett would make
a ton of noise to attract monsters which would
attack the looters in a last ditch move to
save himself and Regan.
Jumping into the water is also a no brainer
move.
These things can’t swim for shit.
They are too dense, their armor is too heavy,
and they can’t use their hearing to navigate
well underwater.
It didn’t make sense for the Abbotts to
leave for an island because they needed to
stay at the farm and grow their own food.
Without food, the safety of the island means
nothing.
When Regan picks Emmett up in a paddle boat,
he spits out her cochlear implant he snagged
off the scav before shiving him.
Clutch move.
It would have been easy to forget about it
when they were fighting for their lives.
Hopefully those were just opportunists intercepting
travelers and not the ones broadcasting the
signal.
It’d be best to scout out the island before
beaching this time, especially since you lost
your guns.
They stumble into a community cookout and
bonfire.
Which can’t seem real after what they’d
been through.
It’s pretty crazy to me that nobody on the
island was watching the coast or had any defensive
measures for unwanted visitors.
There was a freaking raiding party just along
the docks which could have ransacked their
precious island.
Emmett hands the cochlear implant to the island
man and tells him that if they can broadcast
it’s frequency, other survivors can tune
in with their radios and use it to fight the
monsters.
Regan and Emmett finally get to sit down,
take a deep breath, and let all the grief
and sadness of their loved ones crash into
them.
It doesn’t last long though.
When Emmett goes out for a walk on the beach,
he discovers the boat that the monster was
ripping into the night before.
There was nothing that the islanders could
have done to stop something like this from
happening.
Emmett does his best to warn everyone, but
it’s too late.
Djimon, Regan, and Emmett hop into the caddy
and haul ass to the broadcasting studio while
honking.
I question trying to bait the monster with
your car.
It’s too risky and if you guys die, nobody
will be able to set up the sound interference
which means everyone is doomed anyways.
Djimon gets too hung up on baiting the monster
out of town and gets himself killed.
I guess that’s the danger of being in a
safe zone for too long.
You relax and forget what you need to do to
survive.
Regan and Emmett sneak past the alien and
just as it catches on to them, Regan turns
up the bass.
Evelyn and Marcus are under siege as well,
but now that they are armed with a radio tuned
to Regan’s implant’s frequency, they can
fight back.
The movie ends with the tides of war changing
in the humans favor.
While nobody of importance was killed this
time around, the Abbott’s were sloppy.
Everything from splitting up for no reason
multiple times, to the deaf Regan running
off on her own, Emmett not scouting the docks
out first, Evelyn forgetting medication along
the way, Marcus leaving the baby to explore
the foundry with a injured leg by himself,
to the islanders being incredibly nonchalant
about watching the coast.
It’s sheer luck that none of them died.
All said and done, I think we could or could
not have beat the DEATH ANGELS from A QUIET
PLACE PART 2 with less risk taken.
Thanks for watching, and remember, if sound-seeking
aliens are trying to kill you, avoid the urge
to loudly run from them.